Template: docbook-dsssl/show-comments
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Show comments?
 Would you to show remark and comments in HTML and print output?

Template: docbook-dsssl/set-papersize
Type: select
Choices: do not set, A4, A4landscape, USletter, USlandscape, LC_PAPER, paperconf
Default: LC_PAPER
Description: Print paper size
 Which papersize you would like to produce by default when
 producing print output?
 .
   do not set:   do not set paper size at all
   A4:           A4 paper
   A4landscape:  A4 paper, landscape mode
   USletter:     US letter paper
   USlandscape:  US letter paper, landscape mode
   LC_PAPER:     use output from 'locale LC_PAPER'
   paperconf:    use 'paperconf' from the libpaperg package

Template: docbook-dsssl/html-ext
Type: select
Choices: .html, .htm
Default: .html
Description: Choose default HTML suffix.
 Choose the suffix for HTML files.

Template: docbook-dsssl/use-id-as-filename
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Use document ID as HTML filename?
 Should the ID of the SGML or XML document be used for figuring out a
 file name?  If not, file names will be chosen as a first letter then
 a sequence of numbers.

Template: docbook-dsssl/body-start-indent
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Indent the body of printed documents?
 Should the textual body of a printed document be indented?

Template: docbook-dsssl/visual-acuity
Type: select
Choices: tiny, normal, presbyopic, large-type
Default: normal
Description: Size of the text in printed documents.
 Choose the default size of text in printed documents.  Several other
 values (body font size and margins) have default values that vary
 depending on this setting.
 .
   tiny:       very small font (8pt)
   normal:     standard document size (10pt)
   presbyopic: a slightly more generous size (12pt)
   large-type: quite large (24pt)

Template: docbook-dsssl/title-font-family
Type: select
Choices: Arial, Times New Roman, %body-font-family%
Default: %body-font-family%
Description: Title font for printed documents.
 Choose the default font family for printed documents.  The
 '%body-font-family%' setting makes the title font family be the same
 as the font used for the textual content of the document.

